OSDOCS#10143: Release note for no longer generating legacy SA token s… (#76844)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

With this release, `dasd` image artifacts for the `s390x` architecture are removed from the {product-title} image building pipeline. You can still use the `metal4k` image artifact, which is identical and contains the same functionality.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-16-legacy-sa-tokens_{context}"]
=== Legacy service account API token secrets are no longer generated for each service account

> Prior to {product-title} 4.16, an image pull secret and a service account API token secret were generated when a service account was created. Starting with {product-title} 4.16, the service account API token secret is no longer generated for each service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to {product-title} 4.16, when the integrated image registry is enabled, a legacy service account API token secret was generated for every service account in the cluster. Starting with {product-title} 4.16, the legacy service account API token secret is no longer generated for each service account.
```

> Additionally, the image pull secret no longer uses a legacy service account API token secret. Instead, the image pull secret now uses a bound service account token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally,  when the integrated image registry is enabled, the image pull secret generated for every service account no longer uses a legacy service account API token. Instead, the image pull secret now uses a bound service account token that is automatically refreshed before it expires.
```
